TOPtesi bundle version 6.x
Copyright 2008-2017 Claudio Beccari
LaTeX Project Public Licence LPPL v.1.3c (or later)

The TOPtesi bundle contains everything is needed for typesetting a
bachelor, master or PhD thesis in Italian (or in any other language
supported by LaTeX: the bundle supports multi-language use).

The infix strings may be selected and/or specified at will by means
of a configuration file, so as to customise the information of the
front page to the requirements of a specific university and a specific
language.

Thanks to its language management, the bundle is suited for
multi-language theses that are more and more frequent thanks
to the double degree programs of the European Union Erasmus programs
or the Life Long Learning European programs.

This version 6.x is backwards compatible, but it is completely new; it
uses key=value options, and uses different modules to typeset all
types of thesis supported by the package; it allows to select the use
of the frontespizio package to typeset the title page in substitution 
of its standard modules; it allows a custom setting, to let the user 
typeset his/her own title page layout. 

As a new feature, among the various thesis types there is also the one 
that Italian students submit to the examining committee of their final 
high-school State Exam.

Version 6.1.12 jus differs from the previous 6.x versions because some 
little bugs were corrected and the documentation was upgraded.

Version 5.92 of TOPtesi was intended to be compliant also with XeLaTeX 
and LuaLaTeX; the documentation explains also how to obtain PDF/A-1b 
archivable files from pdfLaTeX, XeLaTeX, and LuaLaTeX. This particular 
functionality was up to date with respect to package pdfx dated 
2016/05/03 v.1.5.8.

Version 5.91 contained some small enhancements and bug corrections.

Version 5.90 was enhanced with some more class options that allowed 
TOPtesi to be used with external packages for typesetting the title 
page in different styles. It had a completely enhanced and redone 
Italian documentation file toptesi-it.pdf.


For installation, if the package is not already installed in your
TeX system distribution, either read the Italian documentation 
toptesi-it.pdf or move the toptesi.zip file to

.../texmf/source/latex/toptesi.

and decompress it.

Then run pdflatex on toptesi.dtx in order to get the class, style and
configuration files (and the pdf documentation in English) and move
the .tex, .cls, .sty, and .cfg files (including the
example .tex and .pdf files) to .../texmf/tex/latex/toptesi/.

Two fake logos of the "Institute of Technology of Turin" and its Doctoral 
School are provided, in substitution of the legal official ones. They both 
have a "FAKE LOGO" watermark so as to be sure they are not used in place 
of the official ones. In the documentation of this bundle they are used 
as examples of possible logos, but they do not represent in any way any 
official logo. Even the fake institutional name, the translation in English 
of the official Italian one, has nothing to do with the trademarked one, 
the only one the Politecnico of Torino bachelor, master, and PH.D. students 
should use for their actual theses; they have to get the official logos 
from their Student Office, or from the official restricted Web site where 
only institutional students have access.

Move the .txt and the remaining .pdf files plus this README file to 
.../texmf/doc/latex/toptesi.

If the mentioned folders do not exist, create them.

For a personal installation, the /texmf folder is your personal 
one, rooted in your home directory: ~ on Linux; ~/Library 
on Mac OSX; on a path with different names on different Windows 
systems, all of them containing in one form or another your login 
name; in recent Windows editions your home directory is 
C:\Users\<your login name>.

If you are running a Windows platform change the slashes into backslashes
and prefix all paths with the drive letter and any other specific prefix
that is actually used in your texmf tree. 

Remember to refresh the filename database if you are using a MiKTeX 
installation! 
This operation is not required if you have a TeXLive installation.

The package is already installed with complete TeXLive, MacTeX or 
MiKTeX distributions. In this case you don't need to decompress 
anything and move files around; in case of TeX system upgrades you 
package manager will do the work for you. 

Possibly check if the CTAN repository contains a newer version and, 
in case, use your package manager to upgrade your installation, but 
remember that you are not supposed to move or change anything in the 
TeX system directories.

